c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\obj\x86\Debug\ShootToThrill.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\ShootToThrill.exe
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\ShootToThrill.pdb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Outils.dll
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\ProjetPrincipal.Data.dll
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\XnaAux.dll
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\ProjetPrincipal.Data.pdb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\obj\x86\Debug\ShootToThrill.exe
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\obj\x86\Debug\ShootToThrill.pdb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Arial20.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ArialDebug.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Avatar0.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Avatar1.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Avatar2.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Avatar3.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Bazooka.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Boss.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Boss1.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Boss2.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\butterfly.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Cube.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Ennemi1.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Ennemi2.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Ennemi3.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\ObjetDrop.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Pistol.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Portail.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\PortailJoueur.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\PortailMonstre.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Railgun.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Scene1.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Scene2.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Shotgun.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Sphere.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\SupportFusil.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\SupportFusil2.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\unicorn.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\untitled.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Bazooka.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Joueur0.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Joueur1.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Joueur2.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Joueur3.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Machinegun.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Railgun.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Shotgun.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Effets\Lumière.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Effets\Phong.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Portail\material_2.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Portail\material_3.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\button.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\buttonBack.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\CielÉtoilé.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\fleche.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Image1.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\RectangleBlanc.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\RectangleBleu.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\RectangleNoir.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\RectangleRouge.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\RectangleVert.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Shutter.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\splash_screen.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\test1_1.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\test2_1.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Test3_1.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Test4_1.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\ThumbnailP0.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\ThumbnailP1.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\ThumbnailP2.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\ThumbnailP3.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\tile_12.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\UIRaph.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Untitled.xnb
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Maps\0Description.txt
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Maps\1Description.txt
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Maps\2Description.txt
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Maps\3Description.txt
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Personnage\0Description.txt
c:\users\karmoka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Personnage\1Description.txt
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\obj\x86\Debug\ShootToThrill.exe
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\obj\x86\Debug\ShootToThrill.pdb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Arial20.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ArialDebug.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Avatar0.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Avatar1.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Avatar2.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Avatar3.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Bazooka.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Boss.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Boss1.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Boss2.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\butterfly.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Cube.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Ennemi1.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Ennemi2.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Ennemi3.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\ObjetDrop.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Pistol.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Portail.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\PortailJoueur.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\PortailMonstre.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Railgun.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Scene1.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Scene2.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Shotgun.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Sphere.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\SupportFusil.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\SupportFusil2.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\unicorn.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\untitled.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Bazooka.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Joueur0.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Joueur1.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Joueur2.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Joueur3.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Machinegun.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Railgun.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Description\Shotgun.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Effets\Lumière.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Effets\Phong.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Portail\material_2.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Modèle\Portail\material_3.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\button.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\buttonBack.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\CielÉtoilé.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\fleche.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Image1.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\RectangleBlanc.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\RectangleBleu.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\RectangleNoir.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\RectangleRouge.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\RectangleVert.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Shutter.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\splash_screen.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\test1_1.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\test2_1.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Test3_1.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Test4_1.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\ThumbnailP0.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\ThumbnailP1.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\ThumbnailP2.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\ThumbnailP3.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\tile_12.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\UIRaph.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Untitled.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Maps\0Description.txt
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Maps\1Description.txt
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Maps\2Description.txt
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Maps\3Description.txt
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Personnage\0Description.txt
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Personnage\1Description.txt
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\ShootToThrill.exe
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\ShootToThrill.pdb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\ProjetPrincipal.Data.dll
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\ProjetPrincipal.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\obj\x86\Debug\ShootToThrill.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Options.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\Menu.xnb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\AudioEngine.xgs
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\Wave Bank.xwb
C:\Users\Karmoka\Documents\GitHub\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\ShootToThrill\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\Sound Bank.xsb
